c:\users\r\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\r\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication1.exe
c:\users\r\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication1.pdb
c:\users\r\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication1.xml
c:\users\r\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.Form1.resources
c:\users\r\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.Resources.resources
c:\users\r\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\r\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.exe
c:\users\r\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.xml
c:\users\r\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\R\Dropbox\ProP\rymgas design\enterence\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication1.exe.config
C:\Users\R\Dropbox\ProP\rymgas design\enterence\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.exe
C:\Users\R\Dropbox\ProP\rymgas design\enterence\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.xml
C:\Users\R\Dropbox\ProP\rymgas design\enterence\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\R\Dropbox\ProP\rymgas design\enterence\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.Form1.resources
C:\Users\R\Dropbox\ProP\rymgas design\enterence\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.Resources.resources
C:\Users\R\Dropbox\ProP\rymgas design\enterence\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Tsvetomir\Dropbox\ProP\rymgas design\enterence\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication1.exe.config
C:\Users\Tsvetomir\Dropbox\ProP\rymgas design\enterence\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.exe
C:\Users\Tsvetomir\Dropbox\ProP\rymgas design\enterence\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.xml
C:\Users\Tsvetomir\Dropbox\ProP\rymgas design\enterence\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.pdb
